# NetDraw application
 * A program (NetDraw.java and NetDrawServer) that sends information to another computer(sever). The panel allows you to draw and stamp objects to the panel. When this program is run, it starts a netgame Hub that will listen on port xxx until this program is shut down.  The Hub is a basic hub that simply forwards any messages that it gets from clients to all connected clients (including the client who sent the message).       The NetDraw application allows uses to work together to   create simple drawings.  Everything drawn by one user   is transmitted to the NetDraw server (or "hub"), which   then forwards a copy to all connected clients (including   the client that sent that item to the server).  Every   client who gets the message -- except the one who sent it --   can then add the item to its own picture.  This means   that an item drawn by one client is added to every    client's picture.  Items are transmitted as strings that    describe the thing that was drawn.  Only two types of item    are supported: Lines and stamps.         A line has a color, a stroke number and two endpoints (x1,y1) and (x2,y2).   The string for a line consists of the word "line" followed by eight   numbers, all separated by spaces.  The eight numbers are the R, G, and B   values of the color, the index of the stroke in the stroke array,  and the    coordinates x1, y1, x2, and y2.  When the user drags the mouse while using   the "DRAW FREEHAND CURVES" tool, a sequence of lines is produced.         A stamp is one of a dozen images that are available in the   Tool menu.  When the user clicks the mouse while using a    stamp tool, a copy of the stamp is placed at the point where   the user clicked.  The string for a stamp consists of   the word "stamp" followed by 3 numbers.  The numbers are   the index of the stamp in the stamps array and the x and y coordinates where the stamp is placed.

//------------
To run a server, just run the program NetDrawServer in the package netgame.draw. The server runs indefinitely, until you terminiate it.

To connect your program to the server, you will need to know the name or IP address of the server computer. The name "localhost" can be used on most any computer to mean that computer itself. So, if your run NetDraw client on the same computer as the NetDraw server, you can use localhost as the host name for the server. If you run two copies of the program at the same time, you can see the networking in action even on one machine.

Of course, it's more fun to run the program on two different computers with two different users. To do that, you do need the IP or host name for the server. On Mac OS and Linux, the command-line command ifconfig will print out information about the network configuration of a computer. The IP address will be in there somewhere. Look for something of the form 172.20.17.122 (four numbers separated by periods, starting with 172 on campus, and labeled with something like "inet" or "inet addr"). On Windows, the ipconfig command prints similar information.
